this is is list of Austin's isn't this
the most interesting thing about about
your position in life that you get
people you don't even know coming up to
you asking you to say whenever I'm in
town I always listen to the
such-and-such radio station or I always
watch such-and-such TV show and you've
never in fact seen it before in your
life
no just does that bug you I just don't
want to disappoint you guys that's all I
mean really I need to sleep okay listen
do you want to do an interview about the
show or what we're doing because this is
really wasting time okay no I'm sorry to
be difficult but you know we're all
trying to do as much as we can here
mm-hmm
you sure you want to do this let me give
it to be honestly your your manager also
totally this but I'm very much up from
listen we have like three minutes left
if you want to do an interview to an
interview but I'd only be watching bits
of tape it's ridiculous
no I'm sorry he doesn't work I'm sorry I
don't have to explain myself to anybody
and I ain't gonna really bother now I
was asked here right to interview with
the band ear pill but now like we're
facing a cheapskate comedy interrogation
act and it's just a non pal it's a joke
it's fast you mean you don't want to
give any vest another to explain myself
sooner or later somebody will open their
eyes
oh sorry rude word
well it sounds like we've heard this
story before Barney would you like to
tell me where good night good night
well that's will be you entirely know as
you all follow the leader
I don't see an intelligent question
trying finger once
so you either ask but in your life let's
forget about it all right yeah I'll
think you should caught that
now one more thing you write a lot and
well we know that your publicist as well
how will your diary of today look like
we came and played our guts out and then
we had I had to do this interview when I
should have been able to be left alone
so I could breathe hard I'm sorry for
that that's okay
well see you later on there okay so what
do you know what what's the meaning of
your music and all that stuff
each song means something different and
we have no really huge meaning or
self-defining sort of thing we're just
kind of living our life and doing that
kind of thing I think we just lost I'm
down with LPP
you know hmm yeah you know you're down
with it number three is it a band called
the well you know Naughty by Nature not
even a number three is rocking now what
do you want Naughty by Nature
there is a tribute band words number
three goin he's leavin no we can't leave
right now number three number three
number three has definitely left the
building what kind a few do for fun are
you do anything weird wake up go to
breakfast
I swear I'd do it every morning I'm not
gonna tell you anything I mean you dress
like a monkey and swing from stuff dear
God no you tuck why'd he dress like a
monkey home soon
just kind of spray about my bus take off
they
you
I have wanted to make love to you for my
whole life
[Applause]
do you feel oh I don't need those of the
two I can knock out a lot of ego
problems at the time and I can't even
remember why same time called don't
forget to remember which was I forgot
that one well I guess I better go well
you can stay in just Lots if I don't do
impressions that's you first going out
doesn't belong on camera Madonna's
running off she's gonna be very much
well it's all ended well I
[Music]